[Music]
in 1954 Godzilla an ancient alpha
predator is lured to an island in an
attempt to kill him with a nuclear bomb
in 1999 monarch scientists Ichiro
Serizawa
and Vivian Graham investigated giant
skeleton unearthed by a collapsed
uranium mine in the Philippines they
find two giant spores one dormant and
one hatched with a trail that leads out
of the cave to the sea in Japan the
Jiang jira nuclear power plant
experiences unusual seismic activity
supervisor Joe Brody sends his wife
Sandra with other technicians into the
reactor a tremor breaches the reactor
leaving Sandra and her team unable to
escape while the plant collapses 15
years later Joe and Sandra's son Ford a
u.s. Navy explosive ordnance disposal
officer returns from a tour of duty to
his wife Elle and young son Sam in San
Francisco but has to immediately depart
for Japan after his father Joe is
detained for trespassing in the Jan jira
quarantine zone Joe is determined to
find out the cause of the meltdown and
he persuades forward to accompany him to
their old home to retrieve vital data
but are discovered and taken to a
facility in the plants ruins the
facility harbors a massive glowing
chrysalis that had been feeding off the
plants reactors for the past 15 years
and emitting stronger electromagnetic
pulses over time a giant winged insect
like creature emerges and escapes
destroying the facility Joe is severely
injured and dies as Ford Serizawa and
Graham are taken to the USS Saratoga the
incident is reported around the world as
an earthquake
Serizawa and Graham joined a u.s. Navy
task force led by Admiral William stenz
to search for the creature which they
named Muto which stands for massive
unidentified terrestrial organism
Serizawa and Graham revealed to for that
a 1954 deep sea expedition awakened
Godzilla and nuclear tests in the 1950s
were really attempts to kill him and
when this didn't work project monarch
was established to secretly study
Godzilla and similar monsters they also
revealed that in 1999 the Muto traveled
from the Philippine mine to Jazeera and
caused the meltdown Ford reveals that
Joe had monitored echolocation signals
that indicated the Muto was
communicating with some
thing presumably Godzilla the Muto
attacks a Russian submarine and drops it
in Hawaii to eat its nuclear material
Godzilla arrives causing a tsunami in
Honolulu and engages the Muto in a brief
battle until it flees Serizawa deduces
that the Muto was communicating with
something else prompting the military to
investigate the other spore stored in
the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste
repository in Nevada however a second
bigger wingless Muto has emerged and
attacks Las Vegas the scientists deduced
that the second Muto is a female and was
the one the male was communicating with
their signals being a mating call over
the scientists objections
stens approves a plan to use nuclear
warheads with more power than the bombs
used in the 1950s to lure the monsters
to the ocean and destroy them returning
to the u.s. Ford joins the team
delivering the warheads by train but the
female Muto intercepts them and devours
most of the warheads the remaining
warhead is airlifted with Ford to San
Francisco and activated after Godzilla
appears at the Golden Gate Bridge but
the male Muto snatches it and takes it
to the female who forms a nest around it
in the Chinatown area while Godzilla and
the Muto's battle forward and a strike
team and to the city via halo jump to
find and disarm the warhead unable to
access the timer the team gets the
warhead on a boat for disposal at sea
Ford blows up the Muto nest distracting
the Muto's enough to allow Godzilla to
emerge victorious in the end after which
he collapses on the shore with the team
killed by the female Muto Ford gets the
boat out to sea before falling
unconscious he is rescued before the
warhead explodes and reunites with his
family at an emergency shelter the
following morning godzilla suddenly
awakens and returns to the sea with the
media hailing him as king of the
monsters savior of our city
[Music]
you